Added userguid for recovery devices (#8856)
Scille/parsec-cloud: docs/userguide/manage_devices.rst

  there is a very high probability you are victim of a
  `Man-in-the-middle attack <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Man-in-the-middle_attack>`_.
  You can read more about that process at the :ref:`Cryptography <doc_cryptography>` section.

.. _doc_userguide_recovery_devices:

Recovery devices
----------------

A recovery device is a special type of device that allows you to get access to your data back
in case your forgot your password or lose your computer.

It is composed of two parts:

  - a file, ending with `.psrk`
  - a passphrase, composed of letters and numbers separated by dashes.

The passphrase is used to unlock the file and get access to your data.

.. note::

  A recovery device is linked to a specific organization. If you have multiple organization,
  you will have to create multiple recovery devices.

.. caution::

>   If someone gets access to both the file and the passphrase, they can get

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If someone gets access to both the recovery file and the secret key, they can get
```

  full access to your data as if they were you.
  We **strongly** recommend storing them separately in a safe place. They are as precious and
  secret as your password.

Create a recovery device
------------------------

When you access your profile, in the ``My Devices`` page, click on ``Create recovery files``.

.. image:: screens/profile_popover.png
    :align: center
    :width: 250
    :alt: Access your profile

.. image:: screens/profile_add_recovery_device.png
    :align: center
    :width: 400
    :alt: Create a recovery device

Once you're ready, click on ``I understand``.

.. image:: screens/export_recovery_device_page.png
    :align: center
    :alt: Export a recovery device

> You'll be able to download both the file and the passphrase. Make sure to get them both.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You'll be able to download both the Recovery File and the Secret Key. Make sure to get them both.
```

.. caution::

  As mentioned before, these two files combined will allow someone to access your data.
  Store them separately and don't let someone access them.

.. image:: screens/export_recovery_device_download.png
    :align: center
    :alt: Download the recovery file and passphrase

> Import a recovery device
> ------------------------

Reviewer: I know this is the import action, but maybe we can rephrase it to be more user friendly. What do you think?
```suggestion
Use a recovery file to get access to your account
-------------------------------------------------
```
or
```suggestion
Use a recovery file to get back access
--------------------------------------
```

> If you forget your password and you have both the recovery file and the passphrase,
> you can import them and gain access to your data back.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you forget your password and you have both the Recovery File and the Secret Key,
you can use them and gain access back.
```

When trying to log in, click on ``Forgot your password?``.

.. image:: screens/forgot_password.png
    :align: center
    :width: 350
    :alt: Click on password forgotten

> You will be able to import the recovery file and type in the passphrase.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will be able to import the Recovery File and type in the Secret Key.
```

.. image:: screens/import_recovery_device.png
    :align: center
    :width: 400
    :alt: Click on password forgotten

.. image:: screens/import_recovery_device_filled.png
    :align: center
    :width: 400
    :alt: Click on password forgotten

> Once imported, this will create a new device and you will be able to log into your organization by clicking ``Next``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once imported, Parsec will create a new device and you will be able to log into your organization by clicking ``Next``.
```
